https://codepen.io/jacobym18/pen/gOOeKzM?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML? 

It is html that has meaning.

2. What is HTML used for? 

To structure your webpage.

3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 

It provides additional information for a element and is put in the start tag.

4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?

It is used to for the most important thing on the page such as a main title. You should only use it once per page

5. Name two tags that have required attributes

The a tag and the img tag.

6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 

You put the title of the page.

7. What is an id? 

It is a selector that you can use to style a specific HTML element.

8. What elements can I add an id to? 

You can add it to any HTML element.

9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 

you can't use the same id on a page.

10. What is a class? 

It is a selector that can be given to multiple elements so that you can style them together.

11. What elements can I add a class to? 

It can be added on to any HTML element.

12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 

You can use the same class over and over again.

13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?

You would set your target to _blank.

14. What is the alt attribute used for? 

It is used to give a description to an image if the image cannot displayed.

15. How do I reference an id? 

you can reference a id by using the "#" in your css.

16. What is the difference between a section and a div

A section creates a container for an area of the page while the div helps to seperate content within the section.

17. What is CSS used for? 

It is used to style your webpage.

18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page

You would select a element by putting the name of it in the css and then putting a {} in order to style it.

19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one

You would use a class to be able to style a group of elements while you would use an id to style a specific element.

20. How do we select classes in CSS?

By putting a "." before the name of the class in the css.

21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?

By putting the p followed by .human.

22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 

It is a selector that picks all child elements within their parent element. It would be useful when you needed to style the elements within a certain section. 

23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

div .class a

24. What is a pseudo selector?

it is a selector that defines a special state of an element.

25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?

You would use the line height property.

26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?

You would use the letter spacing property.

27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?

You would use the text transform property.

28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?

div{
    border: 1px dotted black;
}
29. How do I select everything on the page? 

The universal selector *

30. How do I write a comment in CSS?

You can write a comment by putting /*  */.

31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 

pwd

32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?

ls

33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 

rm <file>

34. Why should I use version control? 

It allows you to try new things while also being able to go back to your previous copy.
It also makes it easier to work on the same project with other people.

35. How often should I commit to github?

You should commit every 20 minutes or so.

36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 

You use git push -origin <-firstname-lastname->

37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

You would fork the repo so you can make it yours. add your tl as a collaborator. clone the repo into your git. make a new branch. add . and commit regulary. Once finish push the project to your forked github repo. Last make a pull request.

Stretch Questions

1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model?